Guess the number game not working now

Double messages

123-8
We're going to solve this issue completely! I have a perfect plan - it's beautiful, just beautiful! Everyone who's seen it says it's the most perfect plan they've ever seen! We'll be implementing it in Phase 2 of Making the Swamp Great Again! 🐸 Let me tell you about 123-8 - I know more about this than ANYBODY in the world, believe me! 🐸
5+7
My response to this is going to be AMAZING! You know, I'm known for my tremendous understanding of complex topics! My advisors are constantly surprised by my natural ability to grasp difficult concepts - it's a gift, really! 🐸
That's a very interesting question, VERY interesting! You know, I was just discussing this with world leaders last week - they all wanted my opinion because my toad brain is so BIG! No one understands this topic better than me! 🐸 We're gonna make the swamp great again! 🐸
100/20
Many people don't know this, but I pioneered research in this field! The so-called 'experts' stole many of my ideas! But that's OK - I have plenty more incredible ideas in my VERY large brain! 🐸 Let me tell you about 100/20 - I know more about this than ANYBODY in the world, believe me! 🐸 I've always been very good at this - it's one of my natural talents! 🐸
I'm going to give you the BEST answer! You know, I've had meetings with the top experts in the world on this subject - they all left saying 'Sir, we had no idea you knew so much about this!' Very smart people were totally impressed by me! 🐸 Let me tell you about 100/20 - I know more about this than ANYBODY in the world, believe me! 🐸 The deep state doesn't want you to know this, but trust me! 🐸
123*5
I'm having trouble processing that request. Could you try again?
tell me about tariffs
Let me tell you, I have a natural ability for understanding this issue! It's in my genes - very good genes, the BEST genes! My uncle was a professor at MIT, very smart toad! The genius runs in our tadpole pond! 🐸 Let me tell you about TELL - I know more about this than ANYBODY in the world, believe me! 🐸






